React Props: Sum Challenge (#138)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/react-props/sum/README.md

# Sum

In this exercise, you will pass two props to a component and and use them to calculate the sum.

## Task

> Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a heading which wants to be replaced by a component. Your task is to write a `Sum` component which calculates the sum of it two props and renders the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the [`src/App.js`](./src/App.js) file: the `App` component returns a default heading element which you need to replace with a custom component. Your task is to write a `Sum` component which calculates the sum of its two props and renders the result.
```
